ideal grammar


Do I want to lock in modes...
persistant through multiple utterances?
through the rest of this utterance?
or affecting just one command?


i like the word 'say' instead of literal
i do want a more powerful way to insist that what i'm saying is english text
maybe 'say' can include punctuation and such.

the prefix 'keys' is far too cumbersome. Maybe keys should be the default mode

how about....
a list of modes
saying the mode name applies that mode for the rest of the utterance
saying 'lock'+mode name keeps you there until you lock into another mode or unlock
when in no mode, it checks everything?

let's get formats working

is it possible for me to change the length of time of silence before an utterance ends?
because when I have a command like "say peter prefers dictation to typing, and especially he prefers it to pen and paper"
that often when I pause for the comma, the utterance ends and I'm no longer in 'say' modes







known verbal conflicts

sit - say
rang - right
space - paste
alt - odd
*any noise like typing* - urge, up

"say they said i'll bet" - ??? doesn't work
"literal highlights the current word" - ??? doesn't work
"say restart bluetooth" - ??? doesn't work



7/23/2020 - adding sleep/wake to caster - add the following 2 lines to Caster-Master/_caster.py 
from castervoice.kaldi_module_loader_plus import load_sleep_wake_grammar
load_sleep_wake_grammar(True)

the toby eye tracker in the track i r infrared sensor both arrived in the mail and i've been trying them out
i may just be fine with enable viacam instead of the track ir. 
i'm not super happy about having to use only one monitor mainly. 

I'm using Precision Gaze Mouse to combine head tracking and eye tracking for mouse movement
I actually like leaving the head tracking movement on and turning the eye tracking on or off
For instance, in MTGA I can't read a card and hover over it at the same time
However with PGM I can't do this if I use the TrackIR

the only drawback to using eviacam is that it occupies my webcam.